---
aliases: 
section: 
statement-num: "034.002"
statement-type: "1"
---
## Statements 
> [!info] Raw Statement
> • Generator to be provided. 
• Cooking staff should be arranged 
• List of provision materials/ vegetables to be purchased during rain to be kept ready. 
• Assessing the requirements of food / Bread / Milk • Station ambulances where ever possible. 
• Identification of place for storage of provision materials/ vegetables 
• Keep ready Vehicle arrangements with sufficient labourers for food Distribution to all required places.
• Ensure temporary electric arrangements to be kept always ready to operate during power failure. 
• Instruction should be given to all staff at the relief centre to ensure the quantity and quality of food etc.  
> 

### Component Statements
• Generator to be provided. 
• Cooking staff should be arranged 
• List of provision materials/ vegetables to be purchased during rain to be kept ready. 
• Assessing the requirements of food / Bread / Milk • Station ambulances where ever possible. 
• Identification of place for storage of provision materials/ vegetables 
• Keep ready Vehicle arrangements with sufficient labourers for food Distribution to all required places.
• Ensure temporary electric arrangements to be kept always ready to operate during power failure. 
• Instruction should be given to all staff at the relief centre to ensure the quantity and quality of food etc.  
## Components
### Type: Regulatory Statement
Attribute:: (Missing)
Attribute-Property::

Deontic:: must

Aim:: manage resources and train staff

Direct-Object:: (Relief Centre Staff)
Direct-Object-Reference::  ???

Indirect-Object::
	Reference-statement::

Activation-Condition-Content:: 
	Activation-Condition-(Reference to statement)::

Execution-Constraint-Content::
	Execution-Constraint-(Reference-to-statement)::

Or-else::
	Or-else-(Forward-reference)::

Logical-combination::

Invoking-statement(s)::